now one of these are ginger is you know
if you're making things like I know like
a Thai curry paste or usually in
occurring it's a great flavor to view
but sometimes yeah it's a bit string
isn't it it's that same kind of thing
like we're talking about with the tomato
skin if you've got piece of ginger in
your curry it's not pleasant easy is it
you know it's a bit it's a bit 5 verse
it's a little bit like you're eating and
then a bit of matching a bit of carpet
so there's a way you can get all of the
beautiful flavor of the ginger without
having to have all of the bits in there
any bright ideas what are we do
you've got through the weekend keep
quiet I'm not going to grocery smell not
gonna grate it now any other ideas
are you doing much for those over there
that's nice isn't it you send their kind
of watch mushka someone's really nice
and looks fantastic no hobby to ms it's
a very very simple person so the thing
that is you've got to make sure it's a
nice fresh bit of ginger that you get
because there's a load load of moisture
in the ginger and that's what we're
looking for you are all of the beautiful
juice to come out of Judea so quite
simply all you do is you getting a
little piece of ginger cut it up into
little bits and if you think if you're
going to use this you can see already
with this with all the fibers in there
when you're eating that that's going to
stick in your teeth no matter what you
do with that that's not going to be the
best thing in the world so all you do is
to get yourself a jape off open it and
live a dishcloth going to be clean
obviously not only use for your pots but
you jinge it in the middle twist that
around squeal
twisted around and then
as you keep twisting
ginger this is really dry ginger ginger
juice squeezed up what is working yes
Robbie she's in it believe me just do it
normally didn't happen to build really
did that might stand to that elbow
believe in words will housing these
ladies right that's what you want is you
want to squeeze it as you speed or
ginger juice true that's what happens is
you have none of these little bits of
fiber we have all of the beautiful
flavor